titles
inaccurate
yeah
for
sure
you
know
the
confidence
level
is
in
a
different
moment
now
because
it's
feel
like
you
know
when
i
go
on
court
i
feel
more
safe
on
the
court
it's
you
know
playing
on
centre
court
now
it's
let's
say
normal
movie
before
it
was
still
you
know
something
new
and
then
while
you
know
it
as
wow
effect
when
you
go
out
and
now
it's
still
just
you
know
amazing
but
i
enjoyed
more
it's
a
place
where
i
feel
very
safe
and
ended
also
i
tried
to
understand
every
match
what
i
can
do
better
you
know
and
next
one
and
then
trying
to
work
on
that
so
it's
the
work
never
stops
so
i
am
in
a
i'm
in
a
good
level
now
but
you
know
we
will
always
try
and
aim
for
something
more
so
hopefully
i
can
do
that